Question 1: Which assignment took you the longest to complete?
I think the assignment that took the longest was assignment 7 with the boolean calculator.
 
Question 2: Which assignment was the most difficult?
In my opinion, the most difficult assignment was assignment 7.
 
Question 3: Which assignment was the easiest?
I thought that the easiest assignment was assignment 8 where we had to convert binary to decimal using the code given.
 
Question 4: Of the concepts we covered, which (if any) are you the most confused about still?
Personally, I felt that I am not confused with anything that we have covered because it pretty much is remembering the syntax
for the operations.
 
Question 5: If we had an extra week to spend on any of the concepts covered in this course, which one would it be?
If we had another week to cover a concept, I would want it to be both the push and pop instructions because I felt that
we have not covered it in depth to know how to use it.

Question 6: Were there any assignments you felt were unnecessarily tedious (not necessarily difficult, but that took too long to complete)
I would say that the last two assignments (12 and 13) felt tedious because they involved rotating numbers to get into the
correct position and that takes time becausey you have to reset the loop counter again.

Question 7: Which assignment was your favorite?
My favorite assignment would have to be assignment 6. I personally had fun playing around with the random generator and changing
colors of the numbers and letter, and I also enjoyed the Fibonacci sequence with the assignment. 

Question 8: Which assignment do you think you learned the most from?
The assignment that I learned from the most would have to be assignment 11 because I didnt really understand loops, but 
after that assignment, I have a good understanding with how loops work.

Question 9: Were the assignment requirements and due dates clear enough? If not, how so?
I personally thought that what was needed from us in the assignments and due dates are clear. The only reason why I think
the assignments may not be clear to people is because the assignments can have varying results.

Question 10: On a scale of 1-5, rate the difficulty (1=Breating, 5=Exiting Vim) of this course compared to other CIS courses you've taken.
Comparing this CIS class to all of my other CIS courses, I would have to give this a 3 because the workload is not that bad,
in my opinion, but you still have to put the time and effort into the assignments.

Question 11: Was the book used in this course effective/helpful? Would you recommend a different one?
The book was kinda helpful in certain areas, most notably Library64, and other syntax for concepts, but it could have been 
better.

Question 12: Were there any topics that we didn't cover that you would have liked to see included?
I personally would like to cover recursion functions because it would be interesting to know how the recursion works with 
loop counters.

Question 13: How can this course be improved?
I do not think that the course could be improved because the setup where lectures are Monday, and then the labs are Wednesday
are a good setup because it uses the concepts on Monday and apply them on assignments on Wednesday.
