2.1.5 Section Review:
Question 1: The central processor unit (CPU) contains registers and what other basic elements?
The four components that the CPU has are registers, the Control Unit(CU), the Arithmetic Logic Unit(ALU), and the clock.

Question 2: The central processor unit is connected to the rest of the computer system using what three
buses? The CPU connects the system using three buses to connect information, the data bus, the control bus, and the address bus.

Question 3: Why does memory access take more machine cycles than register access? Memory access takes more cycles than register
because the computer requires to read and write the memory since it is not a part of the CPU unlike registers that are 
implemented into the CPU.

Question 4: What are the three basic steps in the instruction execution cycle? The instruction execution style can all be 
simplified into three steps: 1) Fetch, 2) Decode, and 3) Execute.

Question 5: Which two additional steps are required in the instruction execution cycle when a memory
operand is used? Whenever memory operands are involved, the instruction execution cycle include two more steps which are:
1) Fecth the operands, and 2) Store the result.

2.4.3 Section Review: 
Question 5: What is the purpose of the 8259A PIC controller? The 8259A PIC controller has the job of handling external 
interrupts from any hardware device, such as disk drives, clock drives, and keyboards. The devices are able to interrupt the
CPU so that it can process their requests as soon as possible.

2.5.2 Section Review: 
Question 1: Of the four levels of input/output in a computer system, which is the most universal and portable? From the four
levels of I/O in a computer sustem, the most universal and portable is the application program(Level 3). The application
program is portable because it will work with many different computer systems and are not dependent on one OS.

Question 3: Why are device drivers necessary, given that the BIOS already has code that communicates
with the computer’s hardware? Different types of device drivers are being made and so, they are changing, so the BIOS would
not be able to keep up with the new changes to the device drivers. 

Question 4: In the example regarding displaying a string of characters, which level exists between the
operating system and the video controller card? Using the string of characters example, the level that appears in between 
the OS and the video controller card is the BIOS level(Level 1).

Question 5: Is it likely that the BIOS for a computer running MS-Windows would be different from that
used by a computer running Linux? The BIOS for either Windows or Linux would not be different. Although the OS for each 
platform would be different, the system would not change drastically because the same BIOS is used.

2.8 Review Questions: 
Question 7:

Question 8:

Question 9: 

Question 10:

Question 12:

Question 19:

Question 20: 

Question 25: 

Question 26: 



