3.1.11 Section Review:
Question 1:  Using the value –35, write it as an integer literal in decimal, hexadecimal, octal, and binary
formats that are consistent with MASM syntax. Decimal: -35d or -35, Hexadecimal: DDh, Octal: 335o, Binary: 11011101b

Question 2: (Yes/No): Is A5h a valid hexadecimal literal? No becasuse a hexadecimal literal has to have a zero if there is a
letter in front. 

Question 3: (Yes/No): Does the multiplication operator (*) have a higher precedence than the division
operator (/) in integer expressions? No, according to precedence, they are valued as equal, it just only depends on which 
operation comes first from left to right.

Question 4: Create a single integer expression that uses all the operators from Section 3.1.2. Calculate
the value of the expression.

3.2.4 Section Review:
Question 4: In the AddTwo program, which register holds the sum? The register that holds the sum is the EAX register because 
the line " add eax, 6" tells the program to add 6 to the EAX register.

Question 5: In the AddTwo program, which statement halts the program? The statement that halts the program is 
"INVOKE ExitProcess, 0" because you are telling the program to stop the function. 

3.3.3 Section Review: 
Question 1: What types of files are produced by the assembler? From the assembler, you created both an object file(obj file)
and a listing file(lst file).

Question 2: (True/False): The linker extracts assembled procedures from the link library and inserts
them in the executable program. True.

Question 3: (True/False): When a program’s source code is modified, it must be assembled and linked
again before it can be executed with the changes. True.

Question 4: Which operating system component reads and executes programs? The operating system loader utility reads the 
executable file into memory and gives it to the CPU to get the memory address to execute the program.

3.4.13 Section Review:
Question 1: Create an uninitialized data declaration for a 16-bit signed integer. 
example1 SWORD ?

Question 2: Create an uninitialized data declaration for an 8-bit unsigned integer. 
example2 BYTE ?

Question 3: Create an uninitialized data declaration for an 8-bit signed integer. 
example3 SBYTE ?

Question 4: Create an uninitialized data declaration for a 64-bit integer. 
example4 QWORD ?

Question 5: Which data type can hold a 32-bit signed integer? The data type that can hold a 32-bit signed integer is
SDWORD.

3.5.5 Section Review:
Question 3: Write a statement that causes the assembler to calculate the number of bytes in the following
array, and assign the value to a symbolic constant named ArraySize:
myArray WORD 20 DUP(?)

SIZE = ($ - myArray)

3.9.1 Short Answer:
Question 4: Explain why the term assembler language is not quite correct. The reason why assembler language is not exactly 
correct is because assembler implies that the compiler is translating the source code from assembly language into 
machine language.

Question 5: Explain the difference between big endian and little endian. Also, look up the origins of this
term on the Web. Big endian order stores and retirves data from highest to lowest or from most significant byte to least
significant byte while little endian is the opposite. The origins of these two terms come from Johnathan Swift's 1726 satire
Gulliver's Travels in which Danny Cohen introduced the two phrases for byte ordering in an article. 

Question 6: Why might you use a symbolic constant rather than an integer literal in your code? If a constant is being 
altered throughout the whole program, it would be better to leave it as a constant so it does not change.

Question 25: Which data directive creates a 32-bit signed integer variable?
SDWORD

3.9.2 Algorithm Workbench:
Question 4: Find out if you can declare a variable of type DWORD and assign it a negative
value. What does this tell you about the assembler’s type checking?
You are able to assign a negative value to it. So this means that the assembler does not check for the sign of the number.

Question 7: Declare an array of 120 uninitialized unsigned doubleword values.
Array DWORD 120 DUP('?')

Question 13: Declare a string variable containing the word “TEST” repeated 500 times.
String BYTE 500 DUP("TEST")

3.10 Programming Exercises:
Question 1: Using the AddTwo program from Section 3.2 as a reference, write a program that calculates the
following expression, using registers: A = (A + B) − (C + D). Assign integer values to the EAX,
EBX, ECX, and EDX registers.

.code
main PROC
 mov eax,5
 mov ebx,10
 mov ecx,4
 mov edx,6
 add ebx,eax
 add edx,ecx
 neg edx
 add ebx,edx
 INVOKE ExitProcess,0
main ENDP
END main
